doc: known issues: Add issue link loss when LTK request is masked (#3695)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v1-4-99-dev1 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

DRGN-15226: Link disconnects with reason "LMP Response Timeout (0x22)"

>   This would occur if "HCI LE Long Term Key Request event" was disabled and the slave received an encryption request.
>   This event is disabled when :option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` and/or :option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_LE_ENC` is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the slave receives an encryption request while the "HCI LE Long Term Key Request" event is disabled, the link disconnects with the reason "LMP Response Timeout (0x22)".
  The event is disabled when :option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` and/or :option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_LE_ENC` is disabled.
```
